Docu introduction (#8)
Hackathon2020/CoronaHackathon2020: docs/index.rst

================================
Welcome to the Grenz-er-fahrung!
================================

As part of the WirvsVirus_ hackathon we join the fight against COVID-19.

.. _WirvsVirus: https://wirvsvirushackathon.org/

Introduction
============

> The last couple of weeks were defined by the spread of the virus around the world. Europe, in particular, rapidly became the epicentre of the current epidemic. As a consequence borders throughout Europe were closed in a rush leading to haevy traffic jams. Europe's economy, famous for its free and borderless markets, risks being halted due to merchants, commuters, and truckers being stuck attempting to cross a border.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last couple of weeks were defined by the spread of the virus around the world. Europe, in particular, rapidly became the epicenter of the current epidemic. As a consequence, borders throughout Europe were closed in a rush leading to heavy traffic jams. Europe's free and borderless market risks being halted due to merchants, commuters, and truckers being stuck attempting to cross a border.
```

> For this weekend we chose to **hack** together a prototype app which allows officials to provide questionnairies digitally, enabling border crossers to answer questions in advance and reduce the work of border policemen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this weekend we chose to **hack** together a prototype app that allows officials to provide questionnaires digitally, enabling border crossers to answer questions in advance and reduce the work of border policemen.
```

Introduction
============

Consider the following user story:

.. topic:: A truck driver delivering goods throughout Europe

>    On his journey the truck driver travels from country A to B but does not speak the language spoken in country B fluently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On his journey, the truck driver travels from country A to B but does not speak the language spoken in country B fluently.
```

>    How can the time of the border crossing be minimized?

Reviewer: Should we perhaps mention this before mentioning the language barriers? Because even without any language barriers it would be possible to reduce time. The language compatibility is a nice add-on I would say. What do you think?

Reviewer: Should we perhaps emphasize here again that this issue occurs due to the newly created, fastly established controls, and that technology can be used to help minimize the time?

>    A policeman of country B at the border will want to know the truck drivers identity, his destination and reasons of travel. Most of the time will be lost communicating and answering questions while overcoming the language barrier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A policeman of country B at the border will want to know the truck driver's identity, his destination, and reasons for travel. Most of the time will be lost communicating and answering questions while overcoming the language barrier.
```

   .. note:: What if the truck driver could answer the questions in advance, **in his own language**?
      

>       The time it would take for the policeman to verify the answers would be only a fraction of the time it currently takes and seriously reduce traffic jams all over Europe's closed borders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The time it would take for the policeman to verify the answers would be only a fraction of the time it currently takes and seriously reduces traffic jams all over Europe's closed borders.
```

Application
===========

We took this scenario as a guide-line for our application and decided to write the following tools:

> * A questionnaire generator which allows officials upload and distribute questionnairies to people who want to cross their border.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A questionnaire generator allowing officials to upload and distribute questionnaires to people who want to cross their border.
```

> * A client webapp which allows anyone to answer the questions in their own language and generate a QR-Code containing the answers as a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A client webapp that allows anyone to answer the questions in their own language and generate a QR-Code containing the answers as a URL.
```

* A website containing the answers in the policeman's language.

Therefore allowing policemen to get answers to all questions they are supposed to ask just by scanning a QR-Code!

> In the following the details of our implementation are documentated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following, the details of our implementation are documented.
```
